Best VS code Extensions for react:

//Name: its description

1. ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native snippets
ES7+React/Redux/React-Native snippets
Source: Visual Studio Market Place

ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native snippets is one of the most used extensions by React and 						 React Native developers. It provides many shorthand prefixes to accelerate development and help 	developers create code snippets and syntax for React, Redux, GraphQL, and React Native. So, this is a great extension to speed up your development process.

Features

    Easy to set up.
    Speeds up the React application coding process.
    Supports both React and React Native.
    Supports multiple languages.
    Supports TypeScript.

2. VSCode React Refactor
VSCode React Refactor
Source: Visual Studio Market Place

VSCode React Refactor is another VS Code extension designed explicitly for React developers. Refactoring can be challenging when working on big projects. In such situations, you can use VSCode React Refactor to refactor your code quickly, and it will extract pieces of JSX code into new classes, components, and so on. In addition, it supports TypeScript, TSX, regular functions, classes, and arrow functions. More than 1.3 million people have downloaded VSCode React Refactor.
Installation

Features

    Compatible with React Hooks API.
    Handles bindings for key attributes and functions.
    Supports TSX and TypeScript.
    Supports functions, classes, and arrow functions.

3. Prettier
Prettier- Code formatter
Source: Visual Studio Market Place

Prettier is an opinionated code formatter used for automatic code formatting. Although this extension is not explicitly designed for React, you can use it to format your React projects and maintain a standard style guide through the entire code base. More than 24 million developers already use the VS Code Prettier extension.
Installation

Features

    Supports JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON, CSS, and more.
    Has code formatting with keyboard shortcuts.
    Format the scripts automatically to be read easily.
    Is easy to set up.


4. Import Cost
Source: Visual Studio Market Place

Import Cost is another excellent VS Code extension for React developers. Installing and importing packages is a common and necessary task in React application development. However, there can be performance concerns when importing multiple packages. The Import Cost extension displays the package size as soon as you import the library in the VS Code editor, helping you decide the best installation.

Features

    JavaScript- and TypeScript-friendly.
    Several import types are supported, including default, complete content, and selective.
    Webpack is used to assess the package sizes.

5. Simple React Snippets
Source: Visual Studio Market Place

Simple React Snippets is a simple, yet extremely useful VS Code extension for React developers. It provides a set of handpicked React code snippets that you can easily add to your code by typing a few letters. For example, typing imr will import React to your component.

6.TabOut:
Source: Visual Studio Code
Features
	Tab out of quotes, brackets, etc for Visual Studio Code. 
	This extension is enabled by default. 
	You can override this behaviour in your settings: You can toggle the extension with the 'Toggle TabOut' command.

